- [Instructor] Let's look at dynamic destination strategies
by using Spring's JMS response object.
Using the JMS response object, we can compute
the destination response at runtime,
making this a dynamic process.
The JMS response object requires a JMS listener annotation
to work properly.
And using it offers us the ability
to look at our order state, custom header property,
and decide which queue to send the message to.
Open up the WarehouseReceiver class
and go the receive method.
We will wrap the message ProcessedBookOrder
with a JMS response, so we'll do it like so.
We'll type
Jms
Response.
Again, we'll wrap this in the carat brackets.
Because we are gonna be using Spring's JMS response object
for dynamically setting our destinations,
we will not need the @SendTo
annotation anymore, so we'll just remove that.
From the previous videos, we added the MessageHeaders
parameter to demonstrate multiple ways
of accessing headers for a given message.
We're not using this anymore as well,
so we can remove that parameter.
This is pretty much all we're going to do here.
We'll move over to the WarehouseProcessingService
to make the rest of our changes.
In the WarehouseProcessingService, we'll also wrap
the return type in a JMS response as we did previously.
We're going to be demonstrating how to dynamically
send messages to different queues.
So to make this a bit easier for us,
we'll create two static final variables at the top.
We'll call them private
static final String.
And the first one will be called the Processed_Queue
and we'll assign this a value of
book.
order.
processed.
queue.
Second one we'll create is also a static final variable
of type String.
And we're gonna call this one the Canceled_Queue,
assigned with a value of book.order.
canceled.
queue.
Next, let's modify what is returned
for each of the if else statements.
I'm going to create a private
member variable here.
We'll type Message
ProcessedBookOrder and we'll just call this our
message.
Now, inside the first if statement, remove the return
and assign it to the message.
We'll do this for each of the return types here.
Okay, so let's create a JMS response object and return it.
Go back to the first if clause, hit Enter.
We'll type return
JmsResponse
and we're gonna say forQueue.
And for this one, we're gonna pass in the message
and then the destination
is going to be our Processed_Queue.
And actually, we can do this.
Copy this and paste this for the update
because we're using the same process queue.
We'll copy and paste as well as here,
but we'll change the Processed_Queue now to the
Canceled_Queue
because we're deleting
the request.
Okay, so again, we're going to
compile
and build the application
and then we'll run it.
And we have an error again.
Line 36, WarehouseReceivers.
Ah, should remember we removed that.
So we don't need that there.
Okay, let's do this again.
Okay, so let's run the app.
With the application compiled and running,
let's navigate again to our browser.
And we'll minimize, take that out of full-screen.
Refresh our page.
And select Lost at Sea, change the name up.
And let's change another one and say Update.
Add to Order.
And now, we're going to add a Cancel.
Okay, so let's go to our MQ.
Go to our queues
and you'll notice that we have a canceled queue
with one record.
This is for the record that we deleted.
Order state, deleted.
The store ID and the message.
For our processed queue, we have four records.
We have an updated
and we have an added.